Vendor setup: add section about vendor bundles (#69)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/setup-vendor.md

This is useful if your customers buy a license from you for a certain timeframe e.g. a full year and therefore should get
access to all versions that are released within that year.

## Using vendor bundles to manage customer access to packages

Vendor bundles allow you to group packages and grant multiple customers access to the same packages. Instead of having to

> grant customers access to every package individually, you grant them access to the vendor bundle, and they will automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant customers access to every package individually, you grant them access to a vendor bundle, and they will automatically
```

receive access to all packages in the bundle. Adding additional packages to that bundle will then automatically grant

> all customer with access to the bundle access to those packages as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all customers with access to the bundle access to these packages as well.
```

> Vendor bundles can be managed on Vendor Bundles section from the Vendor tab, and they can be assigned to customers on the bundle section of a customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vendor bundles can be managed on the Vendor Bundles section from the Vendor tab, and they can be assigned to customers on the bundle section of a customer.
```

Vendor bundles can also be created and customer access can be granted via our API using our [API client](https://github.com/packagist/private-packagist-api-client) with the following code snippet:

```
<?php

require_once __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

$customerId = 42;

$client = new \PrivatePackagist\ApiClient\Client();
$client->authenticate('api-token', 'api-secret');

// Create a vendor bundle if not yet existing
$vendorBundle = $client->vendorBundles()->create('Acme Bundle');

// Add one or more packages to the vendor bundle
$packages = [
    [
        'name' => 'acme/website',
        'versionConstraint' => '^1.0 | ^2.0', // optional version constraint to limit updates the customer receives
        'minimumAccessibleStability' => 'beta', // optional stability to restrict customers to specific package version stabilities like alpha, beta, or RC
    ],
];
$packages = $client->vendorBundles()->packages()->addOrEditPackages($vendorBundle['id'], $packages); 

// Grant a customer access to the vendor bundle and all its packages
$client->customers()->vendorBundles()->addOrEditVendorBundle(
   $customerId,
   $vendorBundle['id'],

>    (new \DateTime())->add(new \DateInterval('P1Y'))->format('c'), // optional expiration date to limit updates the customer receives

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (new \DateTime('+1 year'))->format('c'), // optional expiration date to limit updates the customer receives
```
